# Changelog

Issue numbers (e.g., #43) refer to GitHub issues:
https://github.com/nilsreiter/CorefAnnotator/issues

## 1.4

- Selecting text in the compare view now displays agreement calculated 
  in this section on the right #79 
- Annotated files can now be merged. This can be used if different 
  annotators have worked on different parts of the text. The merge is 
  done as is -- entities need to be merged by hand after the documents 
  have been merged. #73
- Duplicate mentions (covering the same span) can now be deleted 
  automatically. This is done via the context menu for entities and 
  should be useful after files have been merged. #81 
- Mention export: Mentions of selected entities can now be exported as a 
  CSV file. The CSV file contains the surface, the span (character 
  positions), the mention label and number, all mention and entity 
  properties (ambiguous, generic etc.). This can be used for quick
  and dirty statistical analysis of an entity (R-script available). #94
- Entity groups can now be formed from more than two selected 
  entities. Only the first two will be used to create the label. The 
  'and' in the label is now translatable. #96
- Fixes that the first mention of a chain was missing when importing 
  from TEI #92

## 1.3.3

- Fixed a bug that caused loading to crash if in previous runs, entities
  had been removed under certain conditions. Files can now be opened, but
  group members may be missing. #93 
- Fixed a bug that could cause subsequent loading issues. If an entity 
  was part of a group, and then removed entirely, a null-reference would
  appear in the group and causing loading to crash. #95

## 1.3.2

- Fixed a bug that caused saved files to be written in another file name after export #90

## 1.3.1

- Fixed a bug that caused multiple removal actions to be individual undos #78
- Fixed that the TEI import did not include the header #80
- Fixed a bug that prevented the removal of an entity from an entity group to be undoable #82
- Fixed: Add buttons in search panels are now inactive when now findings are selected #83
- Attempt at fixing a crash bug in the search panel #70

## 1.3

- Add TEI import plugin. In TEI files, everything that as a `ref` 
  attribute is considered a mention. Elements with `who` attribute are 
  treated specially, because dramas (i.e., the sub-ordinate `speaker`-
  element is considered the mention). #72
- Undo support. Pressing ctrl/cmd-z undos the last action. The history 
  is saved as long as the document is left open. #65
- Generation of candidates. Clicking on a selected text shows the 
  context menu, which now contains a list of candidate entities (as well
  as the option to create a new entity) #58
- Compare view. A new view allows comparing the works of two annotators. 
  This view only compares the spans of the mentions -- there is 
  currently no way of comparing the actual entity assignments. #69. 


## 1.2.1

- Application now also starts on Windows and Linux #68

## 1.2 

- Findings can be dragged from search window and dropped onto the entity tree #49
- Main window informs if new version is available #60
- Annotation also works by dropping on any already annotated mention within the text view #1
- Document language can now be set before or after importing
- Post-correction of automatic CR: #43
- We can now import CoNLL 2012, which is generated by IMS HotCoref DE
- English texts can be run through Stanford Core NLP CR via an import plugin
- Selected text can now be copied to system clipboard #61
- Groups can be created via context menu
- Groups have a better icon
- Arbitrary segments of the document can be selected and commented (via the menu bar). Existing comments are visible in the text and in a comment viewer, where they can be edited and deleted. #25
- bug fixes
  - First/last token can now be properly annotated #67

## 1.1.2

- Fixed issue that files were not saved properly because overwriting didn't work #63
- Fixed issue that button in search panel didn't became active after selecting an entity in tree #59

## 1.1.1

- Fixed shortcut window #56
- Add possibility to mark mentions as non-nominal #55
- Fixed merging of multiple entities #54

## 1.1

- If multiple things are now selected in the tree, they can be deleted at once
- Entities can now be merged. All mentions of the smaller entity are moved to the larger one, and the smaller one gets deleted #36
- Increased line spacing to improve readability #35
- (re-)Sorting the tree while searching is now much faster #40
- Export to CoNLL 2012 #37
- It is now possible to mark findings in the search panel and annotate them at once, either to an existing or a new entity #41
- Multiple things can be moved at once #33
- Entities can be hidden, such that their mentions are no longer underlined #46

## 1.0.4

- Fixed that multiple entities could be unintentionally merged when exporting to CRETA/Adorno #48
- Fixed that original annotations (that have been imported) are still present in the export when using CRETA/Adorno #47

## 1.0.3

- Fixed that the export dialog was not shown #44
- Fixed a bug preventing application launch #45

## 1.0.2

- Fixed a bug in which some underlines were printed on top of each other #38
- Fixed a bug preventing loading of texts if a title was not set for the document #39

## 1.0.1

- Fixed a bug when loading DKpro formatted files (including WebAnno) #32


## 1.0
- First release